<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Hypotheses</title>
</head>
<body>
<ul>
<li class="claim">AFRICA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">EAST AFRICA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">GERMAN EAST AFRICA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">NEU LANGENBURG is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">LAKE TANGANYIKA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">IRINGA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">BISMARCKBURG is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">TANGA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">KILOSA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">KIONGA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">MAFIA ISLAND is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">KILIMATINDE is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">NYANGAO is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">HANDENI is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">VICTORIA NYANZA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">MWITI VALLEY is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">MPWAPWA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">SALAAM is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">MOROGORO is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">THE RUFIJI RIVER is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">RUFIJI RIVER is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">KONDOA IRANGI is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">JASIN is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">BEHO-BEHO is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">MOSHI is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">NEW MOSHI is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">KAHE is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">LATEMA NEK is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">NARUNGOMBE is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">KILIMANJARO is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">TAVETA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">TSAVO is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">NYAMAKURA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">GERMAN SOUTH-WEST AFRICA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH-WEST AFRICA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">WINDHUK is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">JAKALSWATER is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">OTAVIFONTEIN is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">AUS is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">SWAKOPMUND is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">PORTUGUESE WEST AFRICA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">ANGOLA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH AFRICA is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">UPINGTON is a place in AFRICA.</li>
<li class="claim">PERSIA is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">WEST PERSIA is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH-WEST PERSIA is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">RESHT is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KASVIN is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KARIND is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">WESTERN PERSIA is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">QASR-I-SHIRIN is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KANGAVAR is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SHIRIN is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">QASR-I-SHIRIN is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH PERSIA is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">TABRIZ is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">URMIA is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DILMAN is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KIRMANSHAH is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">HAMADAN is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ENZELI is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH PERSIA is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BUSHIRE is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SHIRAZ is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">EAST PERSIA is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BIRJAND is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KWASH is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MESHED is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KIRMAN is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">TEHERAN is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BAKHTIARI is a place in PERSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MESOPOTAMIA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SHARQAT is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MUSHAIDIYA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">FALAHIYA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">RAMADI is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTHERN MESOPOTAMIA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ROWANDUZ is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">QURNA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NASIRIYA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KIRKUK is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MOSUL is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">AMARA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">THE WADI is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SAIHAN is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ANA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ISTABULAT is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BASRA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SAHIL is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">HANNA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KHAN BAGHDADI is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">CTESIPHON is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SHAIBA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BAIT AISSA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SAMARRA is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">TIKRIT is a place in MESOPOTAMIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SERBIA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH SERBIA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">GEVGELI is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DOIRAN is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">PRILEP is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">PRISTINA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MITROVITZA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">OKHRIDA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DEBRA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KRAGUJEVATZ is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH SERBIA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">PRIZREN is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MONASTIR is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NISH is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">VRANJE is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ISHTIP is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KOLUBARA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">JADAR is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SEMENDRIA is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KACHANIK is a place in SERBIA.</li>
<li class="claim">RUSSIA is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH RUSSIA is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KADISH is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">PECHENGA is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">OBOZERSKAYA is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KEM is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH RUSSIA is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KHARKOV is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NICOLAIEV is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">POLTAVA is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">EKATERINOSLAV is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ROSTOV is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">EAST RUSSIA is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KAZAN is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">STERLITAMAK is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">PERM is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BIRSK is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">LAKE NAROCH is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">WHITE RUSSIA is a place in RUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">YPRES is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">ST. JULIEN is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">YPRES FRONT is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">GRAVENSTAFEL RIDGE is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">MOUNT SORREL is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">FREZENBERG RIDGE is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">FREZENBERG is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">NONNEBOSCHEN is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">POLYGON WOOD is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">GHELUVELT is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">MENIN ROAD RIDGE is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">MENIN is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">MENIN ROAD is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">HILL 60 is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">PASSCHENDAELE is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">BROODSEINDE is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">POELCAPELLE is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">BELLEWAERDE RIDGE is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">PILCKEM RIDGE is a place in YPRES.</li>
<li class="claim">GALICIA is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">STRYJ is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BRODY is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">LUTKOW is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">THE SAN is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">TARNAVKA is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ZALESZCZYKI is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">HALICZ is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">JAROSLAW is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">CHYROW is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">LEMBERG is a place in GALICIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOMME is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">GINCHY is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">8 MILES SOUTH OF THE SOMME is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH OF THE SOMME is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">LIHONS is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">THIEPVAL is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">THIEPVAL RIDGE is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">TRANSLOY RIDGES is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">VILLERS-BRETONNEUX is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">FLERS-COURCELETTE is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">COURCELETTE is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">FLERS is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">ANCRE HEIGHTS is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">POZIÈRES is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">POZIÈRES RIDGE is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">DELVILLE WOOD is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">GUILLEMONT is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">MORVAL is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">BAZENTIN RIDGE is a place in SOMME.</li>
<li class="claim">POLAND is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH POLAND is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">PULTUSK is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">OSOVETS is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">BENDZIN is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">RUSSIAN POLAND is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">TCHENSTOCHOWA is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">KALISH is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">NOVO-GEORGIEVSK is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">VLODAVA is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">KRASNIK is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">MLAWA is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">BREST-LITOVSK is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">BREST is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">IVANGOROD is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">SYEDLETS is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">BYELOSTOK is a place in POLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">CAMEROONS is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">NGAUNDERE is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">OYEM is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">YAUNDE is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">BANYO is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">DUALA is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">EDEA is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">YABASI is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">GARUA is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">MORA is a place in CAMEROONS.</li>
<li class="claim">PALESTINE is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">ES SALT is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">HAIFA, ACRE, AND ES SALT are places in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">ACRE is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">HAIFA is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">BEISAN is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">NAZARETH AND BEISAN are places in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">NAZARETH is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">AMMAN is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">EL MUGHAR is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">JAFFA is a place in PALESTINE.</li>
<li class="claim">ARMENIA is a place in ARMENIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MAMUKHATUN is a place in ARMENIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KEUPRI-KEUI is a place in ARMENIA.</li>
<li class="claim">RAYAT is a place in ARMENIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MAMAKHATUN is a place in ARMENIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MUSH is a place in ARMENIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ERZINJAN is a place in ARMENIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BALTIC is a place in BALTIC.</li>
<li class="claim">DAGÖ ISLAND is a place in BALTIC.</li>
<li class="claim">MOON ISLAND is a place in BALTIC.</li>
<li class="claim">LIBAU is a place in BALTIC.</li>
<li class="claim">BALTIC PROVINCES is a place in BALTIC.</li>
<li class="claim">SHAVLI is a place in BALTIC.</li>
<li class="claim">JAKOBSTADT is a place in BALTIC.</li>
<li class="claim">OSEL ISLAND is a place in BALTIC.</li>
<li class="claim">ARABIA is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">LAHEJ is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH ARABIA is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTHERN ARABIA is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">HODEIDA is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">EASTERN ARABIA is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MUSCAT is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">WEJH is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">AQABA is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">JIDDA is a place in ARABIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SYRIA is a place in SYRIA.</li>
<li class="claim">TRIPOLI is a place in SYRIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BEIRUT is a place in SYRIA.</li>
<li class="claim">HOMS is a place in SYRIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ALEXANDRETTA is a place in SYRIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ALEPPO is a place in SYRIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SIDON is a place in SYRIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MACEDONIA is a place in MACEDONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">FLORINA is a place in MACEDONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">VARDAR is a place in MACEDONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">GREEK FRONTIER OF MACEDONIA is a place in MACEDONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">FORT RUPEL is a place in MACEDONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DOBROPOLJE is a place in MACEDONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">LEGEN is a place in MACEDONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KRIVOLAK is a place in MACEDONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">RUMANIA is a place in RUMANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">CRAIOVA is a place in RUMANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">FOCSANI is a place in RUMANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BRAILA is a place in RUMANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ARGES is a place in RUMANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MARASESTI is a place in RUMANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MONTENEGRO is a place in MONTENEGRO.</li>
<li class="claim">PODGORITZA is a place in MONTENEGRO.</li>
<li class="claim">IPEK is a place in MONTENEGRO.</li>
<li class="claim">ANTIVARI is a place in MONTENEGRO.</li>
<li class="claim">MOUNT LOVCHEN is a place in MONTENEGRO.</li>
<li class="claim">CETINJE is a place in MONTENEGRO.</li>
<li class="claim">DARDANELLES is a place in DARDANELLES.</li>
<li class="claim">SARI BAIR is a place in DARDANELLES.</li>
<li class="claim">KRITHIA is a place in DARDANELLES.</li>
<li class="claim">GULLY RAVINE is a place in DARDANELLES.</li>
<li class="claim">KUM KALE is a place in DARDANELLES.</li>
<li class="claim">GEORGIA is a place in GEORGIA.</li>
<li class="claim">POTI is a place in GEORGIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ALEXANDROPOL is a place in GEORGIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KARS is a place in GEORGIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BATUM is a place in GEORGIA.</li>
<li class="claim">TIFLIS is a place in GEORGIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SIBERIA is a place in SIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">EASTERN SIBERIA is a place in SIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DUKHOVSKAYA is a place in SIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KHABAROVSK is a place in SIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">OMSK is a place in SIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">IRKUTSK is a place in SIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BLAGOVYESCHENSK is a place in SIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">EGYPT is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">WESTERN EGYPT is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">WADI MAJID is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">AGAGIYA is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">SOLLUM is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">WEST EGYPT is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">DAKHLA OASIS is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">SIWA is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">SIWA OASIS is a place in EGYPT.</li>
<li class="claim">ALBANIA is a place in ALBANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SAN GIOVANNI is a place in ALBANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SAN GIOVANNI DI MEDUA is a place in ALBANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ELBASAN is a place in ALBANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BERAT is a place in ALBANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">LYS is a place in LYS.</li>
<li class="claim">KEMMEL is a place in LYS.</li>
<li class="claim">KEMMEL RIDGE is a place in LYS.</li>
<li class="claim">BAILLEUL is a place in LYS.</li>
<li class="claim">HAZEBROUCK is a place in LYS.</li>
<li class="claim">BETHUNE is a place in LYS.</li>
<li class="claim">CAUCASUS is a place in CAUCASUS.</li>
<li class="claim">SARIKAMISH is a place in CAUCASUS.</li>
<li class="claim">RUSSIAN CAUCASUS is a place in CAUCASUS.</li>
<li class="claim">KURDAMIR is a place in CAUCASUS.</li>
<li class="claim">EAST CAUCASUS is a place in CAUCASUS.</li>
<li class="claim">KARA URGAN is a place in CAUCASUS.</li>
<li class="claim">DOBRUDJA is a place in DOBRUDJA.</li>
<li class="claim">SILISTRA is a place in DOBRUDJA.</li>
<li class="claim">CONSTANZA is a place in DOBRUDJA.</li>
<li class="claim">TUTRAKAN is a place in DOBRUDJA.</li>
<li class="claim">CERNAVODA is a place in DOBRUDJA.</li>
<li class="claim">BUKOVINA is a place in BUKOVINA.</li>
<li class="claim">CZERNOWITZ is a place in BUKOVINA.</li>
<li class="claim">KIMPOLUNG is a place in BUKOVINA.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTHERN BUKOVINA is a place in BUKOVINA.</li>
<li class="claim">RADAUTZ is a place in BUKOVINA.</li>
<li class="claim">SINAI is a place in SINAI.</li>
<li class="claim">MAGDHABA is a place in SINAI.</li>
<li class="claim">RAFAH is a place in SINAI.</li>
<li class="claim">RUMANI is a place in SINAI.</li>
<li class="claim">EL ARISH is a place in SINAI.</li>
<li class="claim">ARRAS is a place in ARRAS.</li>
<li class="claim">BETWEEN ARRAS AND ALBERT are places in ARRAS.</li>
<li class="claim">AYETTE is a place in ARRAS.</li>
<li class="claim">ALBERT is a place in ARRAS.</li>
<li class="claim">5 MILES SOUTH OF ARRAS is a place in ARRAS.</li>
<li class="claim">MERCATEL is a place in ARRAS.</li>
<li class="claim">ARLEUX is a place in ARRAS.</li>
<li class="claim">VERDUN is a place in VERDUN.</li>
<li class="claim">FORT VAUX is a place in VERDUN.</li>
<li class="claim">FORT DOUAUMONT is a place in VERDUN.</li>
<li class="claim">DOUAUMONT is a place in VERDUN.</li>
<li class="claim">FORT THIAUMONT is a place in VERDUN.</li>
<li class="claim">THIAUMONT is a place in VERDUN.</li>
<li class="claim">CARPATHIANS is a place in CARPATHIANS.</li>
<li class="claim">JABLONICA PASS is a place in CARPATHIANS.</li>
<li class="claim">THE PLOSKA HEIGHT is a place in CARPATHIANS.</li>
<li class="claim">RHODESIA is a place in RHODESIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ABERCORN is a place in RHODESIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KASAMA is a place in RHODESIA.</li>
<li class="claim">CHAMBEZI RIVER is a place in RHODESIA.</li>
<li class="claim">TRANSYLVANIA is a place in TRANSYLVANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BRASOV is a place in TRANSYLVANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">ALBA-JULIA is a place in TRANSYLVANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">SIBIU is a place in TRANSYLVANIA.</li>
<li class="claim">EAST PRUSSIA is a place in EAST PRUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MEMEL is a place in EAST PRUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MASURIA is a place in EAST PRUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">GAWAITEN-GUMBINNEN is a place in EAST PRUSSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">FINLAND is a place in FINLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH FINLAND is a place in FINLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">FREDERICKSHAMN is a place in FINLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">VIBORG is a place in FINLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">HELSINGFORS is a place in FINLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">TREBIZOND is a place in TREBIZOND.</li>
<li class="claim">BLACK SEA is a place in TREBIZOND.</li>
<li class="claim">ERZERUM is a place in TREBIZOND.</li>
<li class="claim">BAIBURT is a place in TREBIZOND.</li>
<li class="claim">BETWEEN ERZERUM AND TREBIZOND are places in TREBIZOND.</li>
<li class="claim">ASIA MINOR is a place in TREBIZOND.</li>
<li class="claim">TRANS-CASPIA is a place in TRANS-CASPIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KAAKHKA is a place in TRANS-CASPIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DUSHAK is a place in TRANS-CASPIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BAIRAM ALI is a place in TRANS-CASPIA.</li>
<li class="claim">FRANCE is a place in FRANCE.</li>
<li class="claim">ST. OMER is a place in FRANCE.</li>
<li class="claim">THE AVRE is a place in FRANCE.</li>
<li class="claim">ADRIATIC is a place in ADRIATIC.</li>
<li class="claim">PREMUDA ISLAND is a place in ADRIATIC.</li>
<li class="claim">PELAGOSA is a place in ADRIATIC.</li>
<li class="claim">PACIFIC is a place in PACIFIC.</li>
<li class="claim">YAP ISLAND is a place in PACIFIC.</li>
<li class="claim">MOPELIA ISLAND is a place in PACIFIC.</li>
<li class="claim">LAKE NYASSA is a place in LAKE NYASSA.</li>
<li class="claim">MANUNGA is a place in LAKE NYASSA.</li>
<li class="claim">160 MILES SOUTH OF LAKE NYASSA is a place in LAKE NYASSA.</li>
<li class="claim">SPHINXHAVEN is a place in LAKE NYASSA.</li>
<li class="claim">LENS is a place in LENS.</li>
<li class="claim">LIÉVIN is a place in LENS.</li>
<li class="claim">THE WESTERN SUBURB OF LENS is a place in LENS.</li>
<li class="claim">CITÉ ST. PIERRE is a place in LENS.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH-WEST OF LENS is a place in LENS.</li>
<li class="claim">KOLOMEA is a place in KOLOMEA.</li>
<li class="claim">BULGARIA is a place in BULGARIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DEDE AGATCH is a place in BULGARIA.</li>
<li class="claim">YAMBOL is a place in BULGARIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH-WEST FRONTIER OF INDIA is a place in NORTH-WEST FRONTIER OF INDIA.</li>
<li class="claim">INDIA is a place in NORTH-WEST FRONTIER OF INDIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MIRANSHAH is a place in NORTH-WEST FRONTIER OF INDIA.</li>
<li class="claim">HAFIZ KOR is a place in NORTH-WEST FRONTIER OF INDIA.</li>
<li class="claim">STANISLAU is a place in STANISLAU.</li>
<li class="claim">TYSMIENICA is a place in STANISLAU.</li>
<li class="claim">NEAR STANISLAU is a place in STANISLAU.</li>
<li class="claim">MOLDAVIAN REPUBLIC is a place in MOLDAVIAN REPUBLIC.</li>
<li class="claim">BESSARABIA is a place in MOLDAVIAN REPUBLIC.</li>
<li class="claim">INDEPENDENT MOLDAVIAN REPUBLIC is a place in MOLDAVIAN REPUBLIC.</li>
<li class="claim">NEBI SAMWIL is a place in NEBI SAMWIL.</li>
<li class="claim">MIZPEH is a place in NEBI SAMWIL.</li>
<li class="claim">THE NEBI SAMWIL RIDGE is a place in NEBI SAMWIL.</li>
<li class="claim">ESTONIA is a place in ESTONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DORPAT is a place in ESTONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NARVA is a place in ESTONIA.</li>
<li class="claim">DARFUR is a place in DARFUR.</li>
<li class="claim">GYUBA is a place in DARFUR.</li>
<li class="claim">BERINGIYA is a place in DARFUR.</li>
<li class="claim">SUVLA is a place in SUVLA.</li>
<li class="claim">SCIMITAR HILL is a place in SUVLA.</li>
<li class="claim">MURMAN FRONT is a place in MURMAN FRONT.</li>
<li class="claim">UKHTINSKAYA is a place in MURMAN FRONT.</li>
<li class="claim">PYAVOZERO LAKE is a place in MURMAN FRONT.</li>
<li class="claim">ALSACE is a place in ALSACE.</li>
<li class="claim">MULHOUSE is a place in ALSACE.</li>
<li class="claim">THE HARTMANNSWEILERKOPF is a place in ALSACE.</li>
<li class="claim">BITLIS is a place in BITLIS.</li>
<li class="claim">LAKE VAN is a place in BITLIS.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH-WEST OF LAKE VAN is a place in BITLIS.</li>
<li class="claim">VAUX is a place in VAUX.</li>
<li class="claim">FORT VAUX is a place in VAUX.</li>
<li class="claim">NEAR CHÂTEAU-THIERRY is a place in VAUX.</li>
<li class="claim">CHÂTEAU-THIERRY is a place in VAUX.</li>
<li class="claim">TRENTINO is a place in TRENTINO.</li>
<li class="claim">THE COL DI LANA is a place in TRENTINO.</li>
<li class="claim">ROVERETO is a place in TRENTINO.</li>
<li class="claim">VA. is a place in VA..</li>
<li class="claim">HAMPTON ROADS is a place in VA..</li>
<li class="claim">VAN is a place in VAN.</li>
<li class="claim">LAKE VAN is a place in VAN.</li>
<li class="claim">SOUTH-WEST OF LAKE VAN is a place in VAN.</li>
<li class="claim">ARCHANGEL is a place in ARCHANGEL.</li>
<li class="claim">ARCHANGEL FRONT is a place in ARCHANGEL.</li>
<li class="claim">CHAMOVA is a place in ARCHANGEL.</li>
<li class="claim">SCUTARI is a place in SCUTARI.</li>
<li class="claim">SHKODRA is a place in SCUTARI.</li>
<li class="claim">NORFOLK is a place in NORFOLK.</li>
<li class="claim">YARMOUTH is a place in NORFOLK.</li>
<li class="claim">ADAMELLO DISTRICT is a place in ADAMELLO DISTRICT.</li>
<li class="claim">THE MONTICELLO PASS is a place in ADAMELLO DISTRICT.</li>
<li class="claim">IN THE ADAMELLO DISTRICT is a place in ADAMELLO DISTRICT.</li>
<li class="claim">WALNEY ISLAND is a place in WALNEY ISLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">BARROW-IN-FURNESS is a place in WALNEY ISLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">NEWPORT is a place in NEWPORT.</li>
<li class="claim">UNITED STATES is a place in NEWPORT.</li>
<li class="claim">NEWPORT NEWS is a place in NEWPORT.</li>
<li class="claim">UNITED STATES OF AMERICA is a place in NEWPORT.</li>
<li class="claim">GERMAN GUINEA is a place in GERMAN GUINEA.</li>
<li class="claim">BISMARCK ARCHIPELAGO is a place in GERMAN GUINEA.</li>
<li class="claim">BAHREIN ISLANDS is a place in BAHREIN ISLANDS.</li>
<li class="claim">PERSIAN GULF is a place in BAHREIN ISLANDS.</li>
<li class="claim">ADEN is a place in ADEN.</li>
<li class="claim">IMAD is a place in ADEN.</li>
<li class="claim">EAST OF MONCHY is a place in EAST OF MONCHY.</li>
<li class="claim">MONCHY is a place in EAST OF MONCHY.</li>
<li class="claim">INFANTRY HILL is a place in EAST OF MONCHY.</li>
<li class="claim">ATLANTIC COAST is a place in ATLANTIC COAST.</li>
<li class="claim">FIRE ISLAND is a place in ATLANTIC COAST.</li>
<li class="claim">SABOR is a place in SABOR.</li>
<li class="claim">CROATION CONGRESS is a place in SABOR.</li>
<li class="claim">KILDA is a place in KILDA.</li>
<li class="claim">HEBRIDES is a place in KILDA.</li>
<li class="claim">CASPIAN SEA is a place in CASPIAN SEA.</li>
<li class="claim">BAKU is a place in CASPIAN SEA.</li>
<li class="claim">ÆGEAN is a place in ÆGEAN.</li>
<li class="claim">CHIOS is a place in ÆGEAN.</li>
<li class="claim">KHANAQIN is a place in KHANAQIN.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH-EAST OF BAGHDAD is a place in KHANAQIN.</li>
<li class="claim">BAGHDAD is a place in KHANAQIN.</li>
<li class="claim">VILNA is a place in VILNA.</li>
<li class="claim">EAST OF VILNA is a place in VILNA.</li>
<li class="claim">LAKE NAROTCH is a place in VILNA.</li>
<li class="claim">CAROLINE ISLANDS is a place in CAROLINE ISLANDS.</li>
<li class="claim">PONAPE is a place in CAROLINE ISLANDS.</li>
<li class="claim">HEJAZ is a place in HEJAZ.</li>
<li class="claim">TAIF is a place in HEJAZ.</li>
<li class="claim">HARTLEPOOL is a place in HARTLEPOOL.</li>
<li class="claim">EAST COAST OF ENGLAND is a place in HARTLEPOOL.</li>
<li class="claim">ENGLAND is a place in HARTLEPOOL.</li>
<li class="claim">GRICOURT is a place in GRICOURT.</li>
<li class="claim">NEAR ST. QUENTIN is a place in GRICOURT.</li>
<li class="claim">ST. QUENTIN is a place in GRICOURT.</li>
<li class="claim">NYASSALAND is a place in NYASSALAND.</li>
<li class="claim">KARONGA is a place in NYASSALAND.</li>
<li class="claim">BAGAMOYO is a place in BAGAMOYO.</li>
<li class="claim">GERMAN EAST AFRICAN COAST is a place in BAGAMOYO.</li>
<li class="claim">CAPO SILE is a place in CAPO SILE.</li>
<li class="claim">NORTH OF THE VENETIAN LAGOONS is a place in CAPO SILE.</li>
<li class="claim">THE VENETIAN LAGOONS is a place in CAPO SILE.</li>
<li class="claim">LJUBLJANA is a place in LJUBLJANA.</li>
<li class="claim">LAIBACH is a place in LJUBLJANA.</li>
<li class="claim">ORSOVA is a place in ORSOVA.</li>
<li class="claim">HUNGARY is a place in ORSOVA.</li>
<li class="claim">KAMINA is a place in KAMINA.</li>
<li class="claim">TOGOLAND is a place in KAMINA.</li>
<li class="claim">FUNCHAL is a place in FUNCHAL.</li>
<li class="claim">MADEIRA is a place in FUNCHAL.</li>
<li class="claim">MONTDIDIER is a place in MONTDIDIER.</li>
<li class="claim">AMIENS is a place in MONTDIDIER.</li>
<li class="claim">COMPIÈGNE is a place in MONTDIDIER.</li>
<li class="claim">BETWEEN AMIENS AND COMPIÈGNE are places in MONTDIDIER.</li>
<li class="claim">BELGIUM is a place in BELGIUM.</li>
<li class="claim">TERMONDE is a place in BELGIUM.</li>
<li class="claim">SEMLIN is a place in SEMLIN.</li>
<li class="claim">SYRMIA is a place in SEMLIN.</li>
<li class="claim">TSINGTAU is a place in TSINGTAU.</li>
<li class="claim">KIAO-CHAU is a place in TSINGTAU.</li>
<li class="claim">SCARBOROUGH is a place in SCARBOROUGH.</li>
<li class="claim">YORKSHIRE is a place in SCARBOROUGH.</li>
<li class="claim">VENETIA is a place in VENETIA.</li>
<li class="claim">UDINE is a place in VENETIA.</li>
<li class="claim">PONTA DELGADA is a place in PONTA DELGADA.</li>
<li class="claim">AZORES is a place in PONTA DELGADA.</li>
<li class="claim">SHARON AND NABLUS are places in SHARON AND NABLUS.</li>
<li class="claim">MEGIDDO is a place in SHARON AND NABLUS.</li>
<li class="claim">GREECE is a place in GREECE.</li>
<li class="claim">JANINA is a place in GREECE.</li>
<li class="claim">CUMBERLAND is a place in CUMBERLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">WHITEHAVEN is a place in CUMBERLAND.</li>
<li class="claim">TRANS CASPIA is a place in TRANS CASPIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MERV is a place in TRANS CASPIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BREMEN is a place in BREMEN.</li>
<li class="claim">GERMANY is a place in BREMEN.</li>
<li class="claim">SUFFOLK is a place in SUFFOLK.</li>
<li class="claim">LOWESTOFT is a place in SUFFOLK.</li>
<li class="claim">GALLIPOLI is a place in GALLIPOLI.</li>
<li class="claim">GALLIPOLI PENINSULA is a place in GALLIPOLI.</li>
<li class="claim">HELLES is a place in GALLIPOLI.</li>
<li class="claim">SOVDEP is a place in SOVDEP.</li>
<li class="claim">MURMAN SOVIET is a place in SOVDEP.</li>
<li class="claim">STAVANGER is a place in STAVANGER.</li>
<li class="claim">NORWAY is a place in STAVANGER.</li>
<li class="claim">MONFALCONE is a place in MONFALCONE.</li>
<li class="claim">ISOUZO is a place in MONFALCONE.</li>
<li class="claim">CORONEL is a place in CORONEL.</li>
<li class="claim">CHILE is a place in CORONEL.</li>
<li class="claim">UKRAINE is a place in UKRAINE.</li>
<li class="claim">KIEV is a place in UKRAINE.</li>
<li class="claim">LIBERIA is a place in LIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">MONROVIA is a place in LIBERIA.</li>
<li class="claim">BLAAVANDS HUK is a place in BLAAVANDS HUK.</li>
<li class="claim">DENMARK is a place in BLAAVANDS HUK.</li>
<li class="claim">TALASSIA is a place in TALASSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">NEU POMMERN is a place in TALASSIA.</li>
<li class="claim">KRONSTADT is a place in KRONSTADT.</li>
<li class="claim">BRASSO is a place in KRONSTADT.</li>
<li class="claim">AISNE is a place in AISNE.</li>
<li class="claim">CRAONNE is a place in AISNE.</li>
<li class="claim">MORTAGNE is a place in MORTAGNE.</li>
<li class="claim">VOSGES is a place in MORTAGNE.</li>
</ul>
</body>
</html>
